
Latest v2.5 update includes a 'Continue Query' for 9 seconds between each file being validated with the 'Validate Game' option. Added new right-click menu entries for the 'Games' list. The 'Downloads' menu has three new entries - 'Excluded File Types', 'History Viewer' and 'Open the History file'. The 'Excluded File Types' entry has further entries for file type extensions, which can be set to be skipped from appearing in the 'Game Files Selector' Window. The 'History Viewer' entry runs a viewer for the new 'History.log' file that will have been created on first use of this update. The 'History.log' file is also updated when downloading game files. NOTE - If your current 'Log.txt' file already contains download records, then they will be extracted, to populate the 'History.log' file when this update first runs. In which case a splash titled 'Creating History!' will show until complete. Bugfix for wrong filename variable used for zip files during validation after downloading. Now showing what game title is selected for the 'Validate Now' option query. Several more improvements have been done to validating options and dialogs. Bugfix for row numbers on 'Game Files Selector' window after using right-click entry removal options. A 'Validations' right-click menu has been added, which has two sub items - 'History Viewer' and 'Open the History file'. This is a similar deal to that listed above for 'Downloads' history, with the 'Log.txt' file being scanned again, but for manually instigated validation process records. The resulting file 'Validations.log' will be added to when the user manually instigates a validation process, for a game file (VALIDATE FILE) or game files (VALIDATE GAME). NOTE - Currently, only files that have passed both Size and Checksum or Zip testing get added to the 'Validations.log' file. This is to prevent the accumulation of duplicates, and having to do replacements for some field entries. An option to save CDkeys or Serials to file has been added to the SETUP window (enabled by default), and is used after downloading a game, to save to a 'Serial.txt' file where relevant. Also added a right-click list option to save CDkey to file for selected game. Added a progress bar for manual validations (now enabled). A right-click LOG option has been added for DOWNLOAD ALL. DETAILS window now has an orange color. The OPTIONS window for DOWNLOAD ALL is now working. BUGFIX for some instances where seconds did not have a leading zero. A right-click 'Info' option and info has been added for DOWNLOAD ALL. The LOG option for DOWNLOAD ALL has now been coded. BUGFIX for column sorting with 'Downloads History' (Size, MD5 and ZIP). BUGFIX for ID in extracting 'Validation History' from Log.txt file. DOWNLOAD ALL is now essentially complete, including support for Shutdown after the specified STOP session or last listed game. NOTE - The program does not try to detect different language version of files in Extras, so you will get different language manuals etc downloading, where they exist.

Further Notes
-------------
After the last file for a game has been downloaded & (if set) validated, the 'Game Files Selector' window stays open a further 5 seconds, in case you want to see the results.

Every game on the list, regardless of settings will have its manifest entry added or updated. After that, your settings impact whether any of its files are downloaded. Only games that will be downloaded, get added to the count of processed, and impact a rest or stop. NOTE - Depending on your settings, you may note that more games are being checked than downloaded. This may especially be the case if you are only downloading Extras, as many games don't have extras.

Once a game has been checked and in most cases downloaded, its entry on the DOWNLOAD ALL list gets modified to reflect it has been processed. Basically the '0' or '1' (which you see in the 'Update' field or column in the Viewer) gets replaced by the word DONE. In subsequent starts after a stop, an entry that contains DONE gets skipped. NOTE - If you clicked 'Cancel' too early, and only some of a game's files were downloaded, you will need to replace DONE in the 'Downall.txt' file for that entry, with '0'. This will alloy that entry to be re-checked and processed on a subsequent start (restart).
Any existing files will be skipped and not re-downloaded.

The current game being checked, has its title shown in the caption bar of the program.

ADVICE - If you want, you can open the 'Downall.txt' file prior to starting the DOWNLOAD ALL process, and prune any games you don't want downloaded (i.e. Demos or Prologues etc). Perhaps open that text file in a text editor that may make that easier using a search query.

If STOP after a session is not set, then the DOWNLOAD ALL process continues, in abeyance with REST periods, until all the games are done or the user enables the 'Cancel' checkbox on the 'Game Files Selector' window.
