
Latest v2.4 update includes an increase from 15 to 20 for the DOWNLOAD LIST limit, and a Bugfix for the VALIDATE NOW, where MD5 and Size values files in the database, were being skipped when extracting from the Manifest.


Latest v2.5 update includes a 'Continue Query' for 9 seconds between each file being validated with the 'Validate Game' option. Added new right-click menu entries for the 'Games' list. The 'Downloads' menu has three new entries - 'Excluded File Types', 'History Viewer' and 'Open the History file'. The 'Excluded File Types' entry has further entries for file type extensions, which can be set to be skipped from appearing in the 'Game Files Selector' Window. The 'History Viewer' entry runs a viewer for the new 'History.log' file that will have been created on first use of this update. The 'History.log' file is also updated when downloading game files. NOTE - If your current 'Log.txt' file already contains download records, then they will be extracted, to populate the 'History.log' file when this update first runs. In which case a splash titled 'Creating History!' will show until complete. Bugfix for wrong filename variable used for zip files during validation after downloading. Now showing what game title is selected for the 'Validate Now' option query. Several more improvements have been done to validating options and dialogs. Bugfix for row numbers on 'Game Files Selector' window after using right-click entry removal options. A 'Validations' right-click menu has been added, which has two sub items - 'History Viewer' and 'Open the History file'. This is a similar deal to that listed above for 'Downloads' history, with the 'Log.txt' file being scanned again, but for manually instigated validation process records. The resulting file 'Validations.log' will be added to when the user manually instigates a validation process, for a game file (VALIDATE FILE) or game files (VALIDATE GAME). NOTE - Currently, only files that have passed both Size and Checksum or Zip testing get added to the 'Validations.log' file. This is to prevent the accumulation of duplicates, and having to do replacements for some field entries.
